Add example with custom query and one-to-many (#3195)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-data: src/main/docs/guide/dbc/dbcNativeQueries.adoc

For example:

snippet::example.ProductRepository[project-base="doc-examples/jdbc-example", source="main", tags="native"]

In the above example the query uses an alias called `m_` to query the `manufacturer` table via an `INNER JOIN`. Since the returned `Product` entity features a `manufacturer` association it may be nice to materialize this object as well. The `alias` member of the ann:data.annotation.Join[] annotation is used to specify which alias to materialize the `Manufacturer` instance from.

NOTE: It is necessary to use the "logical name" of the field in the `@Join` (the name used in the `@Entity` class) and not the name used in the native query itself. In the previous example, if the name in the class were `myManufacturer`, then you would need to use `Join(value = "myManufacturer", alias = "m_")` without modifying anything on the native sql query.

> The above example was many-to-one relation and here is an example of custom query with one-to-many relation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example demonstrated a custom query with a many-to-one relation whilst the following example defines a custom query with one-to-many relation:
```

Author: Changed.
